General Information about Version 3 (FINAL VERSION): (Due Wednesday 5/13/2026)

The content we went over since Version 2 is niche and sometimes irrelevant; however, when used in the correct circumstances, becomes incredible. Version 3 seeks to solidify your repository based on choices you make and your understanding of algorithms as tools to be used. Over the course of the semester, algorithms kept coming up that may or may not have been relevant to your project. An environment centered on a main protagonist does not necessarily benefit from swarm/coordination implementations, but very much benefits from Bayesian hyperparameter tuning.

Your capstone will also be considered based on its readiness for use from others. The repo will be considered both for its organization, as well as its functionality. While you need not release your work for public use, it is a great boon for your future selves to do so. It acts as a provable trace that you can accomplish complex tasks with RL, which is becoming an explosively in-demand skill everywhere.

For my grading criteria:

Final Content: The final content is up to you. I will be looking for any content addressed in class since version 2.  I am expecting a file that articulates what you have chosen to implement and what you have chosen not to implement and why. I will be very interested in these decisions. A repository that implements everything makes as little sense as a repository that includes nothing. I will not be looking for content we haven't gone over in class, unless you have already taken advantage of the extra credit opportunity. Doing well on this portion reflects transparency, ownership, and a bit of critical thought. I do not expect the decisions you make to be flawless, or even that reasonable, but I do expect them to be yours and I do expect you, alone, to justify them.

Structural Readiness: You should have a clean repository structure that reflects the organizational requirements over the semester. This includes the requirements of V1 and V2 as well as the overall structure you deployed, provided it is different than a cookiecutter template. The directory structure should be reasonable and filled (no empty algorithm subdirectories with inits) with few exceptions. Any mini-projects and/or unusual content should be removed, as it is not relevant to your capstone project. Keep the documents that reflect your experiences so far, such as the technical-challenges.md, README.md and your decisions made. You may decide to remove some of these documents before releasing it for public use; although, this sort of documentation and transparency is vastly underrated by creators. Citing who you worked with or what chatbots you used in your README.md, or a specific citations doc, is critical.

Functional Readiness: You should have a repository that works. That is, no easy to fix interpreter/compiler errors on run. Those errors you can't figure out should be documented. I also expect a certain threshold of competency from policies, with the goal of rewarding students who worked harder on their capstone. A student struggling to implement the basic coordination functionality of a swarm of robots in Isaac sim will perform better than a student who took an afternoon to train a single super-human agent for a "gym-like" environment. 